Humph let me kneel
You don't want it?
And the night stopped.
How dare you hit a beast
Please give me the letter now
Otherwise I'll hit you
It's useless to know now
The person who wants Ye Wanting is Mr. Shen of the Shen family
He specifically told me
Let me trade your head for Ye Wanting's life
Otherwise he will be at the Dragon Palace Return Banquet
Dedicate Ye Wanting to exhortation
That's right.
You've never seen him naked, have you?
Shenzong atmosphere
I invite you to watch it together.
Qin Shao, let's go
Don't talk nonsense with him and wait for me
Go back and tell your master
Longdian owner
I will take back the evening hall at the return banquet myself
Food on Roll
Now follow Qin Chong and Ye Wanru immediately
Find Ye Wanting's project